switch (sw): Update the working copy to a different URL within the same
repository.
usage: 1. switch URL[@PEGREV] [PATH]
       2. switch --relocate FROM-PREFIX TO-PREFIX [PATH...]

  1. Update the working copy to mirror a new URL within the repository.
     This behavior is similar to 'svn update', and is the way to
     move a working copy to a branch or tag within the same repository.
     If specified, PEGREV determines in which revision the target is first
     looked up.

     If --force is used, unversioned obstructing paths in the working
     copy do not automatically cause a failure if the switch attempts to
     add the same path.  If the obstructing path is the same type (file
     or directory) as the corresponding path in the repository it becomes
     versioned but its contents are left 'as-is' in the working copy.
     This means that an obstructing directory's unversioned children may
     also obstruct and become versioned.  For files, any content differences
     between the obstruction and the repository are treated like a local
     modification to the working copy.  All properties from the repository
     are applied to the obstructing path.

     Use the --set-depth option to set a new working copy depth on the
     targets of this operation.

     By default, Subversion will refuse to switch a working copy path to
     a new URL with which it shares no common version control ancestry.
     Use the '--ignore-ancestry' option to override this sanity check.

  2. The '--relocate' option is deprecated. This syntax is equivalent to
     'svn relocate FROM-PREFIX TO-PREFIX [PATH]'.

  See also 'svn help update' for a list of possible characters
  reporting the action taken.

  Examples:
    svn switch ^/branches/1.x-release

Valid options:
  -r [--revision] ARG      : ARG (some commands also take ARG1:ARG2 range)
                             A revision argument can be one of:
                                NUMBER       revision number
                                '{' DATE '}' revision at start of the date
                                'HEAD'       latest in repository
                                'BASE'       base rev of item's working copy
                                'COMMITTED'  last commit at or before BASE
                                'PREV'       revision just before COMMITTED
  -N [--non-recursive]     : obsolete; same as --depth=files
  --depth ARG              : limit operation by depth ARG ('empty', 'files',
                             'immediates', or 'infinity')
  --set-depth ARG          : set new working copy depth to ARG ('exclude',
                             'empty', 'files', 'immediates', or 'infinity')
  -q [--quiet]             : print nothing, or only summary information
  --diff3-cmd ARG          : use ARG as merge command
  --ignore-externals       : ignore externals definitions
  --ignore-ancestry        : allow switching to a node with no common ancestor
  --force                  : handle unversioned obstructions as changes
  --accept ARG             : specify automatic conflict resolution action
                             ('postpone', 'working', 'base', 'mine-conflict',
                             'theirs-conflict', 'mine-full', 'theirs-full',
                             'edit', 'launch', 'recommended') (shorthand:
                             'p', 'mc', 'tc', 'mf', 'tf', 'e', 'l', 'r')
  --relocate               : deprecated; use 'svn relocate'

(Use '-v' to show global and experimental options.)

