list (ls): List directory entries in the repository.
usage: list [TARGET[@REV]...]

  List each TARGET file and the contents of each TARGET directory as
  they exist in the repository.  If TARGET is a working copy path, the
  corresponding repository URL will be used. If specified, REV determines
  in which revision the target is first looked up.

  The default TARGET is '.', meaning the repository URL of the current
  working directory.

  Multiple --search patterns may be specified and the output will be
  reduced to those paths whose last segment - i.e. the file or directory
  name - matches at least one of these patterns.

  With --verbose, the following fields will be shown for each item:

    Revision number of the last commit
    Author of the last commit
    If locked, the letter 'O'.  (Use 'svn info URL' to see details)
    Size (in bytes)
    Date and time of the last commit

Valid options:
  -r [--revision] ARG      : ARG (some commands also take ARG1:ARG2 range)
                             A revision argument can be one of:
                                NUMBER       revision number
                                '{' DATE '}' revision at start of the date
                                'HEAD'       latest in repository
                                'BASE'       base rev of item's working copy
                                'COMMITTED'  last commit at or before BASE
                                'PREV'       revision just before COMMITTED
  -v [--verbose]           : print extra information
  -R [--recursive]         : descend recursively, same as --depth=infinity
  -H [--human-readable]    : with --verbose, show file sizes with base-2
                             unit suffixes (Byte, Kilobyte, Megabyte,
                             Gigabyte, Terabyte and Petabyte), limiting
                             the number of digits to three or less
  --depth ARG              : limit operation by depth ARG ('empty', 'files',
                             'immediates', or 'infinity')
  --incremental            : give output suitable for concatenation
  --xml                    : output in XML
  --include-externals      : also operate on externals defined by
                             svn:externals properties
  --search ARG             : use ARG as search pattern (glob syntax, case-
                             and accent-insensitive, may require quotation marks
                             to prevent shell expansion)

(Use '-v' to show global and experimental options.)

